Portenta Breakout datasheet: Add ethernet jumper pads info (#206)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/04.pro/carriers/portenta-breakout/datasheet/datasheet.md

## Functional Overview
### Board Topology 
Front view

> ![](assets/breakoutCarrierConnectors.png)

Reviewer: Image description missing. (we may render datasheets as HTML on the website at some point)

Author: Fixed

|   SW1    |               Boot mode selection                |   PB1    |       Power ON button       |
|    U1    |               USBA power switch IC               |          |                             |

Back view

> ![](assets/breakoutCarrierConnectorsBottom.png)

Reviewer: Image description missing

Author: Fixed

*   **BOOT SEL**: When set to ON, keeps the Portenta in Boot mode.
*   **BOOT**: When set to ON enables the embedded bootloader. Firmware can be uploaded via the USB port on the breakout board (DFU). USB-A to USB-A  (non-crossover) cable required. The Portenta H7 has to be powered through the USB-C connector or VIN.

### RJ-45 Connector

> The RJ-45 Connector allows to plug ethernet cables and connect to your net.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RJ-45 Connector allows to plug-in an ethernet cable and connect to your network.
```

## Mechanical Information
### Board Outline

> ![alt_text](assets/breakoutCarrierOutline.png)

Reviewer: Image description is missing

Author: Fixed
